> 06-10-2014: 09:55:20

A part of me is excited by this job, but a bigger part of me aches for Jenna. 

When I got the assignment, the first thing I thought was that I was going to be away from her for more than six months. Sure, it's only half a year - but a lot can happen, you know? I've heard the stories of Navy wives and them sending 'Dear John' letters. It's no coincidence that most Navy men are single: after all, six months can break a relationship.

But Jenna sat me down, and told me about the bright future ahead. With the money, we might be able to get a house for ourselves. We might even get married. She was calm, but legitimately excited for me...and I realized why I'm with her in the first place.




> 13-10-2014: 19:53:00

The days are tiring, and the technology isn't working. But no job is perfect. Jenna and I haven't talked in about a week now - for some reason, the comms on this project is restricted to official purposes only. I can understand though - this IRST-MW system is legitimately dangerous (assuming I can get it working).

I talked to the Cap though - and he's happy to send a few Telex messages off-the-books. He's a good guy.



> 20-10-2014: 17:00:02

I sent Jenna a couple of messages at the start of the week. She replied with a short one...maybe she was busy, or didn't have enough time? I'm glad to hear from her anyway...and it seems like she's doing fun stuff to pass the time. I'm a bit iffy about her coming back to her hometown for a couple of weeks though. I wonder how she got her boss to give her a break?

I miss her. I've been getting these fucking headaches, and the only thing that's keeping me sane is the memory of her. The pale of her skin. How spindly her arms and legs are. This map of moles and acne that stretch out her back. How her messy hair falls on her glasses in the morning, when I'm making her breakfast.


> 27-10-2014: 10:02:22

I got it. I got a 'Dear John' letter. The fucking bitch.


> 03-11-2014: 22:37:02

jenna
you fucking bitch
remember 
you fucking told me
when you told me
that i was the fucking alcyone to your ceyx but you lied didn't you
everything was a lie
and you built up this fucking life we were supposed to have
you made me believe
that you were building a ship
and now you cut me off
and throw me out in pieces
you throw me out in pieces
and push me out the water on this lie of a life you made me work for 
